[Music]
twelve girl habits the drive guys crazy
although some guys first assess a girl
by her appearance
it is her behavior that plays a much
bigger role in the long run that's why
we made a compilation of 12 habits girls
might have which can drive guys crazy
pay attention to have it number one
literally nobody likes to look at girls
while they are doing it twelve eating
off his plate the desire to try one of
your man's fries may annoy him for
several reasons for starters he can be a
possessive person or perhaps the lesser
amount of food on his plate may leave
him feeling hungry so girls if you want
fries just order them for yourself 11
tidying up his space
[Music]
whatever a woman thinks is a mess is
usually a system of softly placed items
which works for the man tidying up your
man's things often leads to unnecessary
fights after you move things around you
will probably be unable to find anything
[Music]
10 going out all the time despite the
fact that some men like women who know
how to party an excessive love for
alcohol party crowds and night
adventures may not be taken well by a
person with serious intentions about you
[Music]
9 gossiping the constant urged the
gossip about how others look and what is
going on with their love lives is just
annoying it also makes your man wonder
whether you're talking about him behind
his back
[Music]
eight dressing inappropriately okay see
I'm just reading into new shoes we all
want to look flawless even during a
casual walk in the park
however uncomfortable high heels and
tight dresses will most likely not be
appreciated if your man has to carry you
and listen to you complain about it all
the time seven taking up all the space
with your stuff
if you occupy the entire bathroom with
countless products and use all the
wardrobe spaces for your clothes your
guy will probably be on amuse you might
even feel offended you don't use most of
your things anyway and he now have to
deal with the tiny shelf you have left
for him
[Music]
six dropping hints the desire for gifts
is often communicated vaguely in the
form of hints which men usually don't
get if a man genuinely wanted to give
you a present but you hinted at it
yourself he will not feel as if it was
his own decision otherwise you will
simply make him feel bad and guilty for
no reason do you really think that
another transparently manipul five
crying for no reason woman's tears are
at the top of men's fearless they
usually don't know what to do especially
if there is no apparent reason for the
crying if this behavior becomes systemic
which time it will cause irritation not
sympathy if you use tears to try to win
an argument
it will only undermine its trust and
leave you both bitter sweet boyfriends
are best for taking hours to get ready
[Music]
if you take a long time to get ready and
break promises because you are
straightening your hair men will start
questioning your punctuality and
responsibility he probably won't even
notice your new hairdo if you had to
wait for you for hours alas three asking
loaded questions just answer it's like a
reflex do I look fat no is she prettier
than I am no the size matter no it's
always tricky when a woman asks whether
she looks pretty fat or old they usually
put men in a corner such questions
usually have only one correct answer to
engaging others in your arguments trying
to resolve an argument by using your
friends or parents opinions women
usually lose their authority and leave
men feeling disappointed
your personal problems should stay
between the two of you one freshen up in
public
[Music]
it is not a secret that men love with
their eyes therefore don't forget about
personal hygiene and always look your
best for example extremely tight
underwear will not only make you very
uncomfortable but also ruin your entire
look if you need a few seconds to fix
your clothes or freshen up excuse
yourself please never do it in public
stay mysteriously beautiful so would you
agree with our points yes or no share
your thoughts in the comments don't
forget to hit the like button below the
video share it with others and click
subscribe to join the bright side of
life